# certifiedApplication
In this project, I will study data of one of the major tech company that spends millions of dollars in their technology department. They have several software products that they use for their internal employees and their external customers. For this project, the data that is being investigated is from a one of the major 3 departments on the company. This department is trying to implement unit test, automation test, sonar scan and Veracode scan to identify bugs and security vulnerability so that the production bugs are minimized. This way of software development methodology is a pilot program for the company. This department is the first of all the departments in the company that are initiating this process. So far, they have already implemented this software development methodology in several applications. The applications that have Jenkins pipeline for continuous Integration, minimum unit test coverage of 70%, sonar scan and Veracode scan for code quality check built into their pipeline are called certified applications. Among the several applications that they own, few of the applications are already certified and they are working on promoting this software development methodology across the entire firm to reduce the amount of bugs in production. In this project, data from production release and data related to registered bugs will be analyzed to see if this new software development methodology actually helps in minimizing bugs. 

The data in this repository contains two csv files which only contains data related to the model which is applicationID and incidentID. The original data has lot more variables and is not updated here due to privacy. 
